README.rst, before:

.. -*- mode: rst -*-

.. |Python35| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.5-blue.svg

geospatial-learn
============

geospatial-learn is a Python module for using scikit-learn and xgb models with geo-spatial data, chiefly raster and vector formats. 

The module also contains various fuctionality for manipulating raster and vector data as well as some utilities aimed at processing Sentinel 2 data.

The aim is to produce convenient, minimal commands for putting together geo-spatial processing chains using machine learning libs. Development will aim to expand the variety of libs/algorithms available for machine learning beyond the current complement.  


Dependencies
~~~~~~~~~~~~

geospatial-learn requires:

- Python 3

User installation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

available soon  


Development
-----------

New contributors of all experience levels are welcome

Useful links
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Here are some links to the principal libs used in geospatial-learn.

https://github.com/scikit-learn/

http://xgboost.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

http://scikit-learn.org/stable/

http://www.gdal.org/

http://www.numpy.org/

https://www.scipy.org/

http://scikit-image.org/

Submitting a Pull Request
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
available soon

Project History
---------------

It is currently maintained voluntaliry by Dr Ciaran Robb, University of Leicester. The functionality was originally written as part of various research projects involving Earth observation & geo-spatial data. The module is at a very early stage at present and there is more material wrtten that has yet to be added (including docs!).     

Help and Support
----------------

available soon

Citation
~~~~~~~~

If you use geospatial-learn in a scientific publication, citations would be appreciated

Commit message:

added installation caveats for now

README.rst, after:

.. -*- mode: rst -*-

.. |Python35| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.5-blue.svg

geospatial-learn
============

geospatial-learn is a Python module for using scikit-learn and xgb models with geo-spatial data, chiefly raster and vector formats. 

The module also contains various fuctionality for manipulating raster and vector data as well as some utilities aimed at processing Sentinel 2 data.

The aim is to produce convenient, minimal commands for putting together geo-spatial processing chains using machine learning libs. Development will aim to expand the variety of libs/algorithms available for machine learning beyond the current complement.  


Dependencies
~~~~~~~~~~~~

geospatial-learn requires:

- Python 3

User installation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

At present the setup.py and dependencies stuff is not finished, but soon will be and an associated pip based installation will be available

Until then, paste the interior geospatial_learn folder into your site packages, then install any missing depends manually. I'd recommend using anaconda....

Development
-----------

New contributors of all experience levels are welcome

Useful links
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Here are some links to the principal libs used in geospatial-learn.

https://github.com/scikit-learn/

http://xgboost.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

http://scikit-learn.org/stable/

http://www.gdal.org/

http://www.numpy.org/

https://www.scipy.org/

http://scikit-image.org/

Submitting a Pull Request
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
available soon

Project History
---------------

It is currently maintained voluntaliry by Dr Ciaran Robb, University of Leicester. The functionality was originally written as part of various research projects involving Earth observation & geo-spatial data. The module is at a very early stage at present and there is more material wrtten that has yet to be added (including docs!).     

Help and Support
----------------

available soon

Citation
~~~~~~~~

If you use geospatial-learn in a scientific publication, citations would be appreciated
